All right.
I'm going to apply some breakpoints, actually, just one breakpoint to the application.
I will go ahead and run this app in debug mode.
All right.
And starting from the very top, I'll make a guest request on local host 886 grades, the first two
breakpoint hits and the request goes to the handler method get grades.
The handler method adds an attribute to the model that maps to an array list.
The array list has three objects and if I step over model add attribute using the step over button.
You'll see that the model now contains data.
You can drill into it and you'll notice a key value pair.
The string grades is the key, and the value that it maps to is a grades array list with a size of three
objects.
And right before the handler method redirects the user to the grade's view, it's going to send over
this model data to the grades HTML template.
And inside the final leaf template, the variable expression is going to grab the grade's array list.
It's going to generate as many table rows as there are elements inside of the array list.
And for every grade object that it loops through.
It's going to generate a row that shares the exact same name, the exact same subject, and the exact
same score.
And if I press next.
It will do just that.